## Full Cycle - Post Graduate Lato Sensu - Advanced Development in Go

### Key words

Go, Golang, API, sqlite3, go-chi, context, testing, mockgen.

### Running

- In the /server directory:  
  Install packages `go mod tidy`
  You can run tests by running `make test`
  Run first the server `go run cmd/main.go`
- In the client directory:  
  Just run `go run main.go`

### Configs

The env variables has default values as the challenge specification. You need just set the time to force timeouts. (API_CALL_TIMEOUT_MS and DB_OPERATION_TIMEOUT_MS).

In the client side you can modify TimeoutMS constant to force timeout error.

### Description

First challenge.

In this challenge, we will apply what we have learned about HTTP web servers, contexts, databases, and file manipulation with Go.

You will need to deliver two systems in Go:

client.go
server.go
The requirements to complete this challenge are:

The client.go should make an HTTP request to server.go requesting the dollar quote.

The server.go should consume the API containing the Dollar and Real exchange rate at the address: https://economia.awesomeapi.com.br/json/last/USD-BRL and then return the result in JSON format to the client.

Using the "context" package, server.go should record each received quote in the SQLite database, with a maximum timeout of 200ms to call the dollar quote API and a maximum timeout of 10ms to persist the data in the database.

The client.go needs to receive from server.go only the current exchange rate (field "bid" of the JSON). Using the "context" package, client.go will have a maximum timeout of 300ms to receive the result from server.go.

All 3 contexts should log an error if the execution time is insufficient.

The client.go will have to save the current quote in a file "cotacao.txt" in the format: Dollar: {value}

The necessary endpoint generated by server.go for this challenge will be: /cotacao and the HTTP server port to be used will be 8080.

Upon completion, send the repository link for correction.
